Hello.
Welcome once again to TheFNDC.com's YouTube channel.
And, the holidays
are coming up, so we're going to be making
an Apple Pie Cocktail.
This is the traditional version of the drink.
I scoured the Internet
for different recipes;
this is the one I settled on
as being the most like actual apple pie.
And, anyway...let's commence.
You've got a shaker full of ice,
and to that we will add
an ounce and a half
of apple cider, not apple juice.
[ pours apple cider ]
Half an ounce of rum,
[ pours spiced rum ]
uh...My recipe is different from some of the other versions.
I add a half ounce of apple flavored vodka.
The important ingredient here is
half an ounce of sweet vermouth.
Not dry, like you would put in a martini.
It has to be sweet vermouth.
Very important.
[ adds sweet vermouth ]
A splash of brandy.
[ adds brandy to Apple Pie mixed drink ]
About three dashes of grenadine.
[ adds grenadine for color ]
That'll give it a little color, too.
And one teaspoon of lemon juice.
[ adds lemon juice to cocktail ]
And that will help with the flavor.
Shake that up.
[ shakes Apple Pie Cocktail ]
I pour that out, and it looks pretty crisp.
It looks good.
We add a little garnish [ apple wedge ].
Just like so.
Let's see how it tastes.
Mmm. That tastes good. Good, good, good, good.
OK. TheFNDC.com -
We have drink recipes.
We have reviews of our favorite Sacramento bars.
We have a list of Sacramento happy hours,
it's growing all the time.
And we have articles on other stuff
related to the Sacramento drinking culture.
So please go check that out.
Friend us on Facebook;
just search for "TheFNDC.com".
And we're also on Twitter at
@theFNDC
Happy Drinking, we'll see you again.
Thank you.